OSDOCS-20040: Adds PlanPolicy to RHCL (#112905)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/con-planpolicy-overview.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *deployment/rhcl-planpolicy.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

> [id="con-planpolicy-overview_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="con-rhcl-planpolicy-overview_{context}"]
```
since we have the MCP gateway in the repo and it doesn't support PP, please make sure all the pieces have the rhcl in them

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *deployment/rhcl-PlanPolicy.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="con-planpolicy-overview_{context}"]
= PlanPolicy

[role="_abstract"]

> PlanPolicy enhances AuthPolicy by adding plan identification and rate limiting based on authenticated user metadata. When a request arrives, {prodname} evaluates the predicates defined in the PlanPolicy against the authenticated identity, selects the first matching plan, and enforces the corresponding rate limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a `PlanPolicy` object to implement tiered service offerings where different users receive different rate limits based on their subscription plan or other attributes.
```
this is the job

> PlanPolicy works in conjunction with AuthPolicy and RateLimitPolicy in the following sequence:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `PlanPolicy` works in conjunction with `AuthPolicy` and `RateLimitPolicy` custom resources (CRs) in the following sequence:
```

> . AuthPolicy authenticates the request and stores identity metadata, including plan information, in Kubernetes Secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. An `AuthPolicy` CR authenticates a user request with stored identity metadata, including their plan information.
```
we have details about authpolicies in those docs, don't need to go too deep here

> . PlanPolicy evaluates CEL predicate expressions against the authenticated identity to determine the user's plan tier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The `PlanPolicy` object evaluates CEL predicate expressions against the authenticated identity to determine the user's plan tier.
```

> . {prodname} enforces the rate limits defined for the matched plan tier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. {prodname} then enforces the rate limits defined for the user-matched plan tier.
```

> == PlanPolicy custom resource

Reviewer: this content should be a separate reference module that we call at the end

Author: Placed content in a new ref-planpolicy.adoc file.
